docs: document the new python v2 plugin (#1324)
canonical/craft-parts: docs/common/craft-parts/reference/plugins/python_v2_plugin.rst

This plugin also sets environment variables in the build environment. These are defined
in the following sections.

PIP_PYTHON
~~~~~~~~~~
**Default value:** The first instance of ``python3`` on the ``PATH``.

The Python interpreter for pip to use.

.. _python_plugin_v2-details-begin:

Dependencies
------------

The Python plugin needs the ``python3`` executable, but it does not provision it itself
and will refuse to use the base system-installed executable.

The recommended way of providing ``python3`` is to install it as a ``stage-package``.
Alternatively, a part can be added to build ``python3`` from source and stage the
binary. Then, the consuming part can declare its dependence on the binary by using the
``after`` key.

.. _python_plugin_v2-details-end:

How it works
------------

During the build step, the plugin performs the following actions:

* It sets ``PIP_USER`` to ``1``, equivalent to passing ``--user``. For more information
  on this flag, see `the pip documentation
  <https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/cli/pip_install/#install-user>`_. Then,
  ``PYTHONUSERBASE`` is set to the part's install directory, causing pip to install all
  packages to that location.

> * Pip is used to install all of the requirements from the ``PIP_PYTHON`` environment

Author: Heh, brain fart. Thanks. That's what I meant to include.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
**Type:**

> A list of dependencies to install with ``pip``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A list of additional Python packages to install with ``pip``.
```
